`azurerm_search_service` - upgrade search service API to version `2023-11-01` and expose `semantic_search_sku` field (#23698)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/search_service.html.markdown

* `replica_count` - (Optional) Specifies the number of Replica's which should be created for this Search Service. This field cannot be set when using a `free` sku ([see the Microsoft documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/search/search-sku-tier)).

> * `semantic_search_sku` - (Optional) The Semantic Search SKU which should be used for this Search Service. Possible values include `disabled`, `free` and `standard`. Defaults to `disabled`.

Reviewer: Updated to remove the `disabled` value, but typically these are prefixed with `Specifies`:

```suggestion
* `semantic_search_sku` - (Optional) Specifies the Semantic Search SKU which should be used for this Search Service. Possible values include `free` and `standard`.
```

Author: Fixed.
